# The-Bridge
I built this website when I was in the 10th grade. My goal was to create a connection for the underprivileged artisans who have indigenous talents in handmade crafts and woven products from various rural areas of Telangana, India. I wanted to give them a voice in the digital world, to get the appropriate exposure and marketplace they deserve. I met these talented craftsmen at an event, where I had a personal one on one conversation with them and learnt about their culture, life story and the crafts they practice. With the information I gathered from meeting these extremely talented individuals, I created small blog-like writeups and created a platform to display them. These amazing peopel and their indigenous craft styles formulate the culture of India dating back to thousands of years, and I think it is important to provide a platform to them with the ideology of digital modern design and outreach.

When I created this website, I was in the initial stages of learning about web design and developmenet and was required to use a template as a crutch to help propel me into building my first ever website. The template provided me with only the basic layout and I created the seperate webpages, added my own images, used my own colour schemes and other such aspects of web development. I got so absorbed in the process of developement and that excitement made me want to further hone my skills and learn to create them from scratch.

To check out my website, click the link shown here: https://farhaanp9.github.io/The-Bridge/The%20code/index.html
